hi Jamie Klaus here uro cycles in Tampa
Bay Florida today I'm going over the all
new beautiful and decided sexy sleep
Ducati Panigale 1199 feature in the
all-new super watt room l20 cotton
murder and the frameless Makati no more
tester red a frame you'll see here
you've got a monocoque front end a
monocoque rear end all bolted to the
motor that is the frame as well as the
swing arm some cool things that I like
about this bike is it produces 195
horsepower and 98 foot-pounds of torque
so it has a galley amount of power it
has a dry weight of 361 pounds you'll
take a look here of the nice thing rear
end and here you have integrated LED
brake lights an industry-first
front-ends LED running lights on the
base model on the S model and the
treacle or you actually have LED
headlights as well let's kind of walk
back here and we'll go through some
features of this bike I'll show you the
nice sleek trunk area here put the key
in the bottom slide this forward and
this unlocks and here you'll see it's a
nice little trunk area for a wallet or a
cellphone under this little hidden
compartment is your Ducati toolkit so
another nice little feature keeps the
toolkit nice and tidy this here is just
your oh crap handle hopefully you won't
put this back on
alright so with the new motor the super
Quattro they did a great job with the
service center tools now your first
valve adjustment isn't until 15 thousand
miles the previous 11 98 and 1098 motors
when your valve adjustments for a 7,500
miles so you're going to have a lot less
maintenance cost with this new kind of
golly you'll see here it has a 4.5
gallon fuel tank dry weight of 361
2-year warranty
like all Ducati has a nice standard low
seat height to 32 inches again nice
service intervals on this bike as well
alright so some of the cool things that
I liked about the Ducati Panigale is
I'll turn the new liquid-crystal display
on it's all colored it has different
ride modes so I'm going to select the
selector and you'll see right now it's
in sport mode you have a wet mode you
also have a race mode my personal
favorite which when you're with in each
of these sections you can actually
adjust the Ducati traction control the
engine braking control put that back on
and also the Ducati quick shifts and the
ABS setting so you have a lot of
adjustability control to dial this bike
in for whether you're riding on the
street or the track this is the base
model so it's 18 995 it features a
morisaki front end the sachs rear
please do check out our other videos
featuring the other kind of galleys and
the other Ducatis again I'm Jamie Klaus
at Euro cycles in Tampa Bay and may you
have a ho ho day